About the Clinic Management System
The project was developed with the following:

XAMPP v3.3.0
PHP
MySQL Database
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Ajax
jQuery
Bootstrap
Font Awesome
AdminLTE
This Clinic Management System is only accessible to the clinic's management.
It requires the system users to log in with their valid credentials in order to gain access to the features and functionalities of the system.
System users can manage the list of Medicines, Medicine Details, Patients, and Patient Prescriptions.
Here the management can store the patients' visit information with some relevant data such as the blood pressure, weight, disease, and more.
The management can create a prescription for the patient for its specific illness or based on her diagnosis.
Using the system, the clinic's management can easily retrieve the patient history with the clinic.
It also generates a printable and downloadable PDF Report for Patients Visits Records and Diseases Records.

Features
	Dashboard Page
	Display the summary.
	Medicine Management
	Add New Medicine
	List All Medicines
	Edit/Update Medicine Details
	Medicine Details Management
	Add New Medicine Details
	List All Medicine Details
	Edit/Update Medicine Details Details
	Patient Management
	Add New Patient
	List All Patients
	Edit/Update Patient Details
	Add New Patient's Prescription
	Patient's History List
	Report
	Generating Printable and Downloadable Reports
	Patient Visits
	Disease Records
	User Management
	Add New User
	List All Users
	Edit User Details
	Login and Logout
	
How to Run ??

Requirements
	Download and Install any local web server such as XAMPP.
	Download the provided source code zip file. (using google drive link provided)

System Installation/Setup
	Open your XAMPP Control Panel and start Apache and MySQL.
	Extract the downloaded source code zip file.
	Copy the extracted source code folder and paste it into the XAMPP's "htdocs" directory.
	Browse the PHPMyAdmin in a browser. i.e. http://localhost/phpmyadmin
	Create a new database naming pms_db.
	Import the provided SQL file. The file is known as pms_db.sql located inside the database folder.
	Browse the Clinic Management System in a browser. i.e. http://localhost/pms/.
	
Admin Default Access:
	Username: admin
	Password: password